OK, so continuing here, still, instead of a bill form, we can continue putting together the other
part of the user interface, right?
You put all of these other things here.
So but the main idea really is that we want to make sure that all of this is shown if this value or
if there's something right inside of our interview field, that's why we also have that's why we have
this is valid or valid state, which is being used right here to retain whatever the keyboard functions
we have at this point.
If it's not valid.
So we can use that as well to our advantage.
So if you click in our field here, let me put this in the no line field and all this ends here.
What it can do, I can also say something like this here and say, if valid, state that value.
Well, actually, this fairly say that's fine, if you state.
Then we're going to show all of this, which we haven't created yet, else we're just going to go ahead
and show a box.
Very sad, empty box.
So here is just for experimenting, we say text and add a valid.
Let's go ahead and run.
You can see nothing it's showing there, right, because we have entered there's nothing, so it's invalid,
that's why it's hidden.
We just have a box empty box.
But if I add 12 valid is showing, all right.
There we go.
That's that's very helpful.
That's exactly what we want.
Obviously, we want to add more than just the text that says, file it right.
That's why we put all these things together.
So what is that we're going to add here?
Well, we want to add a lot of things, but first, let's go ahead and put a row.
They say row, because I see here that I have this structure here that contains split and then we have
button, then text and then another button.
So this will be a row.
So I'm going to go ahead and add a row.
Let's go ahead and pass a modifier real quick here, padding overall padding here of about three dpi.
And then let's look at horizontal arrangement of the same arrangement.
I want this to be from the start, right?
So everything's going to be.
Let's see.
Start like this, everything is going to be, too.
They left, they start right then.
I'm going to add a text that says, split in wrong here, I'm going to modify this text as well.
So that's a modifier.
A modifier as such, and then I can use a line or a line is another way for us to align the current
function here.
The current tax in this case?
Right.
So what I want to happen?
Well, I want alignment of this text.
Let's say alignment, right?
Android compose there.
There, I'm going to make it to make it to be center vertically.
OK.
And then next, I'm going to put a spacer and then I'm going to give and modify and it's a modifier.
That width of about 120 deep.
So what are we doing here is that I'm creating this text.
And then because I know I'm inside of a row, I want this text.
Because I know I'm inside of row, that means then I will need some spacing between the split and whatever
else I'm going to add, which is going to be this section of buttons, some adding that space to the
right.
Because it's invalid state and that they see nothing happens, there was a 23 and well, I can see a
split and things are good.
The other thing I notice is that our Enter Bill text field here doesn't take the entire space and sat
in the middle.
So let's check where this is all being called.
We have this column here, right?
This column is enclosing the text field, so let's change a few things in this column.
So we have it all work.
The way we want.
So let's add a modifier here.
The power of modifiers, as you see now and the skipper padding all about 60p.
And also, let's align things around a vertical alignment arrangement, I should say, and I want this
to be the top.
OK.
Everything inside of his column.
And then I'm going to put horizontal alignment when, say, alignments?
We want to start.
OK, let's go ahead and run real quick.
OK, that's not bad.
And later, we'll deal with the sizes and everything Regulus we see.
Everything is good.
You notice here the next thing we have, we have split.
It's showing there, but we want to also have this structure here.
So again, there's different ways to do this.
What I'm going to do because I know it's going to be a row, right?
These are side by side horizontally.
So I'm going to create this structure inside of a row.
So I'm going to create all of these buttons in this text inside of a row.
So it's going to be a row inside of a row.
That's totally fine.
So after our space are there, I'm going to create another row passing the modifier.
Modifiers such.
Padding all.
So for the padding here, I'm going to be strategic.
So I'm just going to add the horizontal padding to the horizontal, and I want to see three dpi instead
of all this two and a horizontal padding, so it's going to be left to right.
OK.
And the next thing I'm going to do also, it's still inside of our row.
I'm going to say horizontal.
Arrangement, I say arrangement.
I want this to be to the end, because all of this is going to be to the end of the structure of this
row.
Right.
Whatever, it's inside there.
OK, so inside here, this is where then I'm going to add these buttons in this text now because we
have two buttons here.
If we think about it, that means that they're were very similar.
The only difference is that this button here is minus.
This is plus.
So what I'm going to do, I'm going to create a structure that resembles this.
If you think back, you remember that we can create anything that is clickable, right?
There are buttons, actually buttons that we can use directly and we can change those.
But we are going to modify just a circle and make it a button and add plus or minus and so forth.
So we're going to create this structure.
So to make this even better, I'm going to create a new file actually when to create a new package inside
of the main package.
Call this widget's.
This is good so that we can divide things up, we can separate classes that do so, we can separate
similar classes into one place.
So we just we just going to add all the widgets.
So instead of a widget here, we can add all the functions that present a widget.
OK, so I'm going to right click again, create a cuddling class and just a file.
That's fine.
And this one, I'm going to call round icon button or such enter.
And there we go.
So these is what are we going to call inside here?
So now when I come here, get rid of everything else that does not need to be there.
All right.
So here I'm going to create a composable function as such, and I'm going to say fun round
round round icon button as such.
And we're going to pass a few things right to create this pattern.
A few parameters here.
So the first one is going to be image vector because we need some sort of vector image here.
Since the image vector is a type and which compose you are, graphics could be an icon.
Could it be even be our own image?
And then I'm going to obviously have on click event click method function here that we're going to be
call or pass.
You don't have to pass any parameters there, and it's going to be unit.
I'm going to pass a modifier, and it's always customary to have modifiers as the first parameters we
pass.
So it's followed.
That convention doesn't really matter, but I think it's better that way.
And in this case, I'm going to pass a tent.
Also, when I say color and I'm going to put a value or add a default value here and say color dot black.
And I'm going to actually convert customize this to say Alpha pass in alpha.
So how deemed how visible the color is to I said this to zero point eight.
OK.
There we go.
And then I'm going to add the background color.
This case also is going to be a color, but I'm going to pass a default one.
I'm just going to use material theme.
Scholars not on background color again, this is going to be more apparent later.
Why are we using material?
Theme on background color is because if we were changing our device, for instance, it is on dark mode,
then the background is going to adapt to that mode without making everything look terrible.
OK, let's also pass elevation variable here.
It's going to be a DPI type.
And as a default, I'm going to pass a four dot dpi.
That's important.
What do we need to import in this case?
Is dpi density independent?
There.
So deep is an Android, you know, this stands for density independent pixel.
So what he does is that he is independent of the device.
So if I say for DP, if this app is running on a larger device, so the Android system, the Android
compiler will be able to pick that and adapt to the pixels of that device.
OK.
That's what it is.
All right.
So again, all we're doing here was just passing all of these parameters so that we can customize our
round icon button.
And if you look at this, we've seen this many times all the composable, even the composable that happen
to even the composable that we get from the framework from this toolkit, I should say the co-composed
tool kit, they follow the same idea.
That's the beauty here.
All right.
So what is that I want to show inside of these around I can button.
Well, first I'm going to add a card.
OK, so composable there.
What's new?
And then I'm going to pass it modifier and for the modifier and then see modifier that we're passing.
OK?
And say that padding all and say all again.
Let's see, it looks like something is now right?
Did I not get the right padding modifier?
I can.
This happens all the time.
It's very important that we get the correct modifier, so get rid of that.
And we can't import it.
So alt or option enter and we need to get the Android X compose UI.
OK, that's that's very crucial.
Otherwise, you get the problems that you saw me getting.
All right.
So now I can say modify modifier padding and passing all here.
I want for deep.
And most importantly, I want to make this clickable.
So I say clickable, so clickable here.
Instead of going to the lambda, I'm actually going to pass as a parameter here on click right a function.
I'm going to pass the function that I have.
Now, if I had chosen to just use the lambda function or lambda trailing lambda here, I could still
say, but I would have to say something like this click or click that invoke.
OK, so this will just go ahead and invoke this on click whatever we pass there for them to finish like
this, OK?
Either way, works.
Now the other thing we want to do.
We can actually change our or concatenate this modifier with another.
What that means is so I want to be able to make it so that when the button or in this kind of the card,
which is going to be something like this, we'll get to that.
When that's clicked, we want to change the behavior as well.
So what I'm going to do after a clickable here, it's end white about there, right about there.
So what I'm going to say and when I say that, then when that happens, I can't pass another modifier
to it.
What modifier I want to pass?
Well, I want something to happen.
I want to just say an icon.
Button size modifier, which we haven't created, so let's go ahead and create that at the top here.
So I'm going to create another file here, and it's going to be a modifier that padding actually size
and it would have has 40+ dpi.
Let's go ahead and import that.
What are we doing here?
Who's saying, OK, the moment this is clickable, we're going to attach yet another.
If you have over this, then it says, concatenate this modifier with another.
So it's going to return a modifier representing this modified followed by other in sequence.
So when this is clicked, we're going to change the size a little bit, so to get that sort of animation
that they can see that this has been clicked.
Very nice trick.
Let's continue.
All right.
So stealing our card here, if we were to take a look at this, it wouldn't look that great because
we don't have this circle circular shape that we want.
We can change that.
So after this modifier, we've added, I can go ahead and say shape and pass the shape.
Just going to say circle a shape and call it good.
I have to go any further.
And then I'm going to put in background color.
In this case, I'm going to see background color, so I'm passing whatever, whatever.
It's going to be passed as an argument here if nothing is passed to us as an argument.
We're just going to get the on background for my two from material theme.
All right.
Let's go ahead and put elevation here.
I'm going to just put the elevation that we're getting from our parameters.
Let's see.
Elevation.
There we go.
And inside of this card here, I'm going to add an icon.
Right, because I want an icon, something minus or plus.
So what how do we get our icon?
Well, I'm going to say Icon invoked the icon image vector.
That's the one we want.
And in this case, I'm going to pass our icon.
In fact, what we called we call this image vector.
OK, I'm just going to pass that image vector, we're passing there in description, I'm going to say.
Plus or minus?
Icon.
OK.
And the beauty also is that for our icon, we can pass another property parameter here called tint.
So it's a color.
Essentially, I'm going to pass the color that we wanted to show.
So this tint we created there.
So it looks like.
Let's rename this to elevation.
There.
All right.
Oops.
That's the name again.
When elevation.
OK, let's just say continue.
OK, let's go see elevation again and pass.
Elevation like this, and we should be good.
Never mind, this is not supposed to be here.
Let's see.
And looks like something is not.
This is tent.
Something broke.
OK, there we go.
I think I made a little mistake, but it's all fixed now.
OK, so now that we have this separate button here, we can call it anywhere we want.
In fact, if I come here, if I call, say, round.
Icon button as such, then it requires me to pass a few.
As you see here, so for modifier, it can say modifier.
So in this case here, I don't want to pass my fire.
I can do that because the because the default is going to be passed, but an image icon, it's very
important someone say icons again, go to default.
Look at this.
All of this is provided for us when I say remove white.
Like this.
And for the to do, let's go back to around icon just to make sure I yes, I need to pass.
Let's just put a modifier.
Like this so that we don't need that force to pass that modifier.
OK, now there we go, much better.
All right.
And so now I can remove, I can go ahead and create another one.
Just close like this, and I'm going to say add, right?
So it's going to be add and remove its import.
Take this now, if I run this, if all goes well.
OK, so we have to add something.
And you can see we have split.
I have these nice looking buttons here.
They don't look that great.
OK, what's going on?
Let's go back to our code.
Let's go back to.
On background, tint colour black are the problem here, says I said on background.
What I want is just say background because on background will give that black colour, which we don't
want this.
Find this one more time.
OK, let's add the valid number.
And voila!
I can see now we have this very nice buttons, and I apologize.
The quality of my screen here.
The reason why is because I'm running my phone and I have this mirroring visor software that allows
me to mirror my phone.
But the qualities that I create on your and it should be seeing something better.
But as you see here, it's working.
The buttons are there.
They look like this.
The beauty here you've noticed is that this round icon button, we can use it anywhere we want, right?
Because we realized that we needed more than one instead of repeating the code, we put all of that
into its one composable and then we made a composable passing parameter.
So we made it more customizable which era, which allows us to go back and use it wherever we want.
As you see here, I just call the same round icon button and change just the icons.
And voila!
And here, of course, on Click, I can put whatever I want to happen.
When this button is clicked, I can say loudly and pass.
So here you can see that I have.
So now we have this on click buttons, I can say something like this.
Logged, just so we see it removed.
I'm sorry, I can't, for instance, I can copy all of this.
And there's, let's say, add.
OK, let's go ahead and run.
Test.
There we go, say, man, minus let's go to LOLCat.
And you can see removed, if I say.
Plus, add so it's working perfectly, all right.
So this is how you should think about creating these composable functions.
All right.
So this video is real long, but I hope you're able to follow along and see how I think about creating
these composable functions so that then we can reuse the code.
OK, so we still have some work to do, but we'll get there.